sorry sluts! cocktober is over!
F1NNSTER body pillow
two of them
pollo
spunchbob and patrice
more than you can afford pal
give orange me give eat orange me eat orange give me eat orange give me you
into thy mic i screech, into thy pillow i weep
bing bong
fuck ya life
pochinki is my city
top text
bottom text
not pintcraft
did you have punishment exercises
dinnae struggle
the goblins body rejected the pepsi
yooo thunderbirds
yooo rollercoaster
yooo rollertoaster
pete davidson: face type 1
alec baldwin: face type 2
unlimited games
games, unlimited games
Ware wom clots
i just love eating ass
hannah montana once said
legions
photo of a strange bird
bring pillow
you know what they say
wibbley blob
Animals Jumping Off Shit With Piano Man On
up up and away web
@ me next time
Cuddle me Pete, I’m scared
just one red despo
[dabs in korean]
2.8 mil curly wurly bundles
spaget tae fuck
quavo
(splash)
im so cheeky
standard old man with bucket hat
they sell hooch
a surprise to be sure, but a welcome one
hello there
big hawaiian shirt wearing bastard
haven't you done well
minecraft with the boys
He's killed?
wtf no am no
tony macaroni
the banana crossed the road. why?
2d hamster
richard and mortimer season 3
we represent the lollipop guild
circular cow
schlatt
pig
pig schlatt
madagascar penguin oi oi
your favourite anime is shit
pepsi
do you like jazz?
i just really like memes :(
pull up your knee socks
point break or bad boys 2
sleep tight pupper
sleep tight pizza
meng
haha yeah
ah yeah
remember dat boi?
i wish u a happy life full of succ
cock
why do weetos float
hahabot
fingered!?
beautiful baubles and gleaming gemstones over here
his head fell off
the front fell off
shame
>bald
dab
longest yeah boy ever
dog says cow
wobbly sausage
doggo
cow
be the flavour you want to taste in the universe
mfw
tfw
rugged, cool, equipped
hello prontos
there will be a war
buckle up buckaroos
HELLO GOODBYE
hoogle tangly
Esteban Julio Ricardo Montoya Delarosa Ramirez
cock and ball torture is definitely the best birthday treat
vc
b
conke%
sicko mode
yes
of course it is, i can tell
brb gunna go die x
feed the pony
u u u u
haha
ok tandoori
there is no spoon
disconnect
lol what am I like
couple of bevvies with the boys
scaffolding sheep
tilde
~
penis techniques
did I ever tell you
one man is wearing a nazi uniform
good job walnut
.
hop on one foot and sing the iCarly theme song
Lol xx
macaroni western
remember when Yorkies weren't for girls
curly wurly bundle
tagliatelle
bundle of twigs
sonic is obviously a crip
tadeo ~~~~~~
prone blocked
who can say wag1
For Paul
i hope you get a paper cut
THEN WHO WAS PHONE?
On the Landfills, dildos spawn in groups of 4 at a light level of 7 or less.
lmao love it nephew x
Y
no u
Johnny Davidson
You know it's going to be a good day when you go to pick someone up and the sat nav takes you to Dalgety Bay instead of Valleyfield...
Bring on 2018!
Radioactive by imagine dragons is such an amazing song
I just realised Daphnie from scooby doo has really pointy boobs
Boobs js ;D
don't let undead bin laden bomb u lol
Now Playing: Britney Spears - Toxic
rogan josh that is
y'know?
peepo
T-Pain
cunt.png
xraying is banned
don't xray
do more than build a house you idiot
worth mentioning
did ye aye
baguette tae fuck
pollocraft
blue minecraft bed
froggy dave
how about you smelt some bitches on your dick
Unregistered Hypercam 2
pogchamping irl
i just pogged my pants
bootleg
we're just normal men
we're just innocent men
like a bantha
he witerally hit the gwiddy on the wadder
Old School Runescape
ayyo
more than you can afford pal, diamond
don't laugh
below ice mountain
listen to this: brian
big iron on his hip
starwars cast
big if big
what's the soft cap
plane flavour
you know what they say
the Eiffel Tower won't find itself
massive poo, what do
what do you think of this
rat
two rats
three rats
jacques oeuf
straight up björking it
joaquin my phoenix
Adios
she slothing on my shrimp till i lust
never stop pumping
I wish I was this sheep
i never knew my real ladder
you can't park there sir
son, the hedge
brother you're posting cringe on main
my brother in Christ, you made the sandwich
N word pass
Is this something I'm too american to understand
I’m not gay enough for the gays
pig keiran
who up slamming they goob
are you howling aye
king kong balls
they made a squel
who up wonkin they willy
arms crossed
he need a one dance
piss yourself
Yeah how about we don't start that shit here please
1984
suffering from success
no context allowed
baron slimer
capybara
yooo catwoman
ecclefechan
fuck those rats
an hour???
nah, grow up
cheating in minecraft
Steve Jobs did not die for this
ford fiesta limp mode
Indiana Jones and the legend of the cock ring
bernie smh
I'll introduce you to some hardcore brazillian men
It does something new
what if we kissed by the desert temple
it's under the sauce
it’s from chicago
goes by the name Bob
rat ding
skoot noom
You know I can't fart at work
it is known
250 destiny players used to live here, now it's a ghost town
Well. That's good to know.
four rats
Shouldn't we expect better?
horny tweets
450 dead center
pickle has fallen
I can feel my sperm hitting the griddy in my balls
alright puddle
Michael Mouse is no friend of mine
this is going to ruin the tour
my dicks got parking sensors
I took her to my penthouse, then I freaked it
I had to make my mind up, should I keep it?
two tokens and a blue
Shadowkeep my balls
war crimes use to be a lot easier to commit
cold blooded women
edge
the moon haunts you
leave me alone khonshu
I am
Hard r timbaland is crazy
My first job was stripping
I can't afford to be betrayed
Of course I didn't sleep with her. We were up all night.
shit myself at the supermarket energy
cheers, Keiran’s crying
Dua Lipa isn’t with the program
i said forget about it cuh
don't care + didn't read + cuddling later
he was built like a fridge and she said "hell yeah"
a wobbly treat with a satisfying jiggle
he’s sart of like an evil porson
What is string cheese? Is it actually cheese?
how can a fucking sausage be upside-down you stupid little cunt?
5 rats
6 rat
duck
we met itswill at runefest
Too big to be a doohickey, too small to be a contraption. Perhaps a gizmo?
skidaddle skidoodle, your dick is now a noodle
all these racks gave me a boner
2004 Silver Toyota Celica
i don't know how to play peni parker, because i'm not a nonce
you’re telling me mike was hard when he made this lemonade?
I'm gonna challenge you to a dance battle and you won't see it coming
this ain't a watch, this a Omnitrix
Is he really orange, or does he just identify as orange?
the appel is increasing
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke
in the words of macklemore
I use a push mower
I can still see Arizona
[lorde voice] lets jork it out on the peanits
BioShock these balls
This is how John Lennon must've felt
Anyone who sells sea moss is a scammer
the water wings do NOTHING
1 million beers
16-17 beers
800 euros and a dream
That's actually some pretty solid evidence
is coke okay?
The goblins body rejected the pepsi.
robbie williams of the planet of the apes
cuckstoel
It’s what he would have wanted
i said fuck the club
That's called a woman you dumb motherfucker. You stupid fucking ape
Gay grocery store.
swamptown USA
Stolen content
Edging the bratwurst is what I do best
beignet and bri
rip angus
A schizophrenic manifesto
you're wrong and you're a grotesquely ugly freak
half a bhaji and some balti mix
winton
Feel like this portrays the international situation quite accurately
I'm not on TikTok, I'm looking at porn. Like a gentleman.
My chat is pogchamping me imperial, can you say the same?
there's no more gromit clay left
God I love farting in the walk-in freezer
The guy that shot Osama Bin Laden wants me to be his sex slave.
Was Judas retarded?
Was it a big nut??
that must be a fat tuffted tit mouse
i took her to my attic anne i franked it
bonkered off the yoinky
what if God gave us the second kidney as a startup gambling budget
ih     av    e st   a  g e    3     t er    mi    n  a l     c   a nc   er
6 seconds is good enough
Overthinking should at least burn calories
Dick hard, like Nixon with rigor mortis
Neil banging out the tunes April 13, 2006
zombie hambuglar
Testicle inspector calling
my special interest is jacking the fuck off
250 destiny players used to live here, now it's a ghost town
i don't know how to play peni parker, because i'm not a nonce
Chicken Jockey Chicken Jockey Chicken Jockey
1 in the pink 2 in the floyd
The Cumisher™
I swear to god if this ends up in Minecraft I WILL shit
Damnit. I've been banned from Dave & Busters
there are many things that I would like to say to you but I don’t speak saopauloish
17 melons have passed through this particular green grocers
Cal Kestis has MESSED UP the Cobblestone Generator
wabbajack wabbajack
when did pigs get noses
unmoot idiot
UNMOOT IDOT
The gorilla has to win 100 times. We only gotta win once.
what if you turn around and he's beating his shit crazy style
what then playboy
Do you have the ability to discriminate?
By the Nine, she sucketh me through mine chainmail.
how big is your forehead
how many hot wheels can you fit on there
begone you foul demon cotten eyed joe
How come him is wearing dat?
That's the kind of shit that makes you cum
the ethical gooner seems to free his mind at night
Buy a man eat fish, he day, teach fish man, to a lifetime
not cool patric
God is testing me and I have not studied.
Is Coke Zero ok?
Point the MACHINE GUN at the WIZARD
Sit on it and rotate
cheese helmet
frankie and benny's pencil
not now kitten, daddy has angered the gods
my cat has autism
Lady Gaga, Ariana Grande, we move east
I'm worse than FurryLover47@yahoo.com
Knuckle blasted some yogurt ropes
Wtf is a sket
as a man sometimes you just gotta
aloooone at the edge of the gooniverse hawking a tuah
it takes 5 people to watch the film Rango
When Rango rose from the dead, three days after His death, He said to His disciples, so long as there are five or more gathered in my name, that is a church.
I recently caught my dad blasting rope to this wretched lizard whore from Rango (2011) and he told me it was "perfectly natural under the circumstances" whatever the fuck that means
Rango Fett
Jarvis, make her slim thick
white people when there’s coleslaw
I do not think, therefore I do not am
God damn, I miss the Seattle SuperSonics
Jarvis, increase the width of her eyes by 55%, I want them damn near in her ears
minors welcome
I am the one who cocks
Martin Luther King versus Mr. Beast
waited long enough
howdy partnoids
racism matrix just dropped
wally and grommy
brownish-red 5
hot dog, jumping frog
tried to cap a pic of this pumpkin willy
big dog, who art in heaven
In America, uncs are made to shoot poison onstage. In China, uncs are free to create wonders
Nemo where the fuck are you
threek
I've got my scotch eggs, I've got my orange kit-kats and I'm sat down ready to watch South Park
men are fucking awful lets put glitter on our face
Boss makes a twenty while I make a buck, that's why I jerk it in the company truck
There's slightly too much cold
Lawn Mower Speed Run Any %
avril lavigne can crypt walk, NEXT
*crip
Batman Begin
we’ve been burying them wrong
Evry time 11 huffs fine, 12 huffs poopman come
hey siri, remind me to go fuck myself
its a wacky windmill!
wait.. girls goon?
Please mate, she's turtle-heading out the front bottom
got mongoloid mike playing punisher doing asmr the whole game
my name is jeff the land shark and i love black women
do you want porn of the robot or something?
magnum on a plate
edinburgh castle would be a wetherspoons
you could never get me to spit out a scotch egg
So you are with your honey and you're making out when the phone rings. You answer it and the voice says "what are you doing with my daughter?". You tell your girl and she says "my dad is dead". THEN WHO WAS PHONE?
Why do the Earthlings think I'm a homosexual?
But yes, I mainly sell cheese.
danny hot wheel
coc cola
its like something you'd find in your grandpa's basement next to a swastika and an SS general uniform
I hit the juckport 1 trillion$
have you ever had a brown dream
I have seen god, and he was a bird man in plate.
Same shit, different pants
I understand chins
phallocentric
Me no wear pants
ladies with gentle hands
beetlejuice worm eating a grass block
tennis m&m square
nice job cheesecake
My wife died of curry you fuck
I shit my god damn pants partner
fuck off dinosaurous
Silly Americans call it a stick of butter instead of a thick throbbing cock of butter
uncle histamine
Do bats even have cocks? (Serious replies only)
Look what you've done to my bloody shed man
I'm not "built different". I'm assembled incorrectly.
yall afraid to be corny, but I was born on the cob
plug walk
herstamine
Doctor Curious and the Multiverse of George
Italy be shittin
pk droid did not die for this
nobody calls me yellow
the farm requires placing a compost swastika
heavy is the butt that shits the poop
it’s not clocking to you that I’m standing on business
Post 9/11 Mel Gibson is gonna yell at you real quick
The vibe check has bounced
you like green towels don’t you
He's all in
a fucking willionaire
tell that shit how it is Michael
horton hears a bitch
I’m not gay but I do have a steam wishlist
brock obama
northern sweary fighty man
rasta mouse makes minecraft mods
big man ting
bop choffly
You make me more homophobic everyday
You make me more homosexual everyday
minecraft mods to make you the coolest pedophile in the group chat
haters will literally watch you jump over the candlestick and say “he is not nimble”
Just unzipped this fella pants & the condom was already on ??????
It's been so long since we've had a good beheading
it’s as simple as that
autism be damned that boy can meow
toaster strudel bath bomb
everyone was harmed during the making of this video
May thy balls chip and shatter
red velvet cake, chicken, willies brev
big scooby doo sandwich inbound
It's a Bonnie Blue Bangathon not the Tory Party Conference
Xan Frank was deffo hiding from Adolf Sniffler
what the hell is that fruit passionate about
Wednesday? Disgusting.
I’m riding the Porsche and your bitch on a horse
Floyd Mayweather of willies brev
I NEED YOU TO LOCK THE FUCK IN, MITTENS
fellers with a hard R
“We choose to drink this White Monster not because they go down easy, but because they go hard.” - JFK
jeff u poosie biaech clot
get diffed mr knight
clart for peace brev
I’m on some shit that ain’t even out the ass yet
give it up for splash text number 500
Woah, there's cheese in there!
delicious rewards
The fuck happened to thing 2
you explored armpits when the full body was exposed
Pride Month is OVER. Stop being GAY.
50% wocky, 50% slush
ya just press the button that says Booze™
Don Cheadle has reportedly
You won't be laughing later when I show them to you
bags of drawls
I get the bag, I get the coin, I got a boner it go boioioing
mother I yearn for the Y axis
what if instead of “Love Island” it was called “Quesadilla Island” and instead of a bunch of people trying to find love it’s just me there and they give me quesadillas for 6 weeks straight whilst I hang out by the pool
find me another rapper rhyming “Stuart Little” with “Stuart Little”
not all the sometimes but sometimes
give it up for pint number 5
charged ice ???
Ignite your thermite covered pork banana
Why is the flesh merchant chanting?
BOOBS: The Ultimate Stress Relief Toy
my hole has reached a milestone
age of slop
he danced so lithely I thought him an eel
Love to pull my mickey and look at big tit
2 penguins?!
Its time to kick ass and come, and I'm all out of ass
I’m a matcha fella now man
🫴 🍒
that is fries in the bag mentality
I simply cannot live, laugh, love under these conditions
bigmantingyeah.com
my favorite part in Star Wars was when Darth Vader lost his cool during a staff meeting and started choking a coworker
don’t say “happy pride” at Chick-fila-A, they just rocked my shii
its not a terribly impressive hole
peak fantasy is swords, sorcery, and very little clothing
not now kitten daddy’s balding
just call me Big Knob Fat Slob
pockets aint empty cuh
The big ass stuffed meat one goes hard
Car guys are just horse boys
pleas regard
Pleae
jeet me through the phone
Termites? In MY bones? It's more likely than you think.
“i asked chatgpt” “i asked grok” yeah well I asked jeff the land shark and he said “i love black women”
my father... was a gamer
you can't be unemployed AND bad at videogames
feel bad inc.
OH MY GOD YOU'RE THE RIGHT COLOR
dancing like a maniac in his big moving gaff
that's organised bramble
Free from Oscar Sugar's Minion Treason
Blow that Fella head smoove off
I swear it on my father’s sardines
whip out your shlong you’re the piano man
rattertoey
stem cell stuffed crust
Not about looks; it’s about vibes; guitar vibes
Fister Mantastic
Even winners can suck balls
honk if you hate babies
you constantly amaze me, and not in a good way
what breed do you try to sound like when you barking?
I am the cum rat
Wage gap? I don't think women should be paid at all
Now he's bigger than me, taller than me, and he's older than me and stronger than me, and his arms a little bit longer than me, but he ain't on a JB song with me
they're making me scan my asshole to log into my bank now
£3.50 per narni brav
make gucci sliders for cows
I summon pot of greed to draw 3 additional cards from my deck
paddling with sirens
homophobic jeff muted
The woke left? Without saying goodbye?
The single star on Texas' flag is actually a review.
When you speak of the trolls, they're in the hallway
Here is the mentioned donkey
fireplace man
you’re telling me a ham fisted this metaphor??
do you need chat gpt to fuck your wife??
Mikes Hard Boiled Egg
lizard
I bet you eat corn the long way
The bowling ball actually hangs out with the pins after work. There isn't beef there
charred coocherie
peepo bismol
I want to abduct the fish man
fuck off BiggyMajiggy125279
charles ezekiel cheese
Akimbo grease missiles wit no guidance system
harold topsoil
caked up cousin
Don't start the aliens with the Cheesy Gordita Crunch™
type shit
Poop is calling... Are you picking up?
It's too late, I've already depicted you as the soy south korean skater, and myself as the chad canadian curling enjoyer
live, laugh, toaster bath
why my girl getting The Fertilizer™ at the Crump Pump Bar™
poop is just weakness leaving the body
gyro is changing my life
pat butcher wall clock
randy old man sauce
wag wan general kenobi
guy thinking
kid named michael
full of shat
been hitting my phone so hard I found it breathing through a tube in the ICU
warlocks, sadly, are business majors
imagine I am the CHAIN
I'm no expert, but I think that was insurance fraud.
who puts a banana peel on the 97th floor??
Mr. Mononucleosis
wrist icicle, ride dick bicycle
if you don't sin then Jesus died for nothing
Telescopes for dogs
Doors 2
giphy disbelief
he's doing it sideways
bazingen
43 seconds in and we've killed a man
you’re telling me a ginger bred this man?
OH FUCK, SOMEONE GO WAKE UP THAT GUY FROM GREEN DAY
she said yes
refer to me as he/him all you want, just know my ass will always be she/her
the second was bad, the first was terrible
saluté claudia
easy white chocolate
youwannatakealookatthebook?
what if the Big Bang was God’s gun going off in his mouth
undiagnosed, but everyone's pretty sure
he's going the distance
imagine being a curry house
frog him
The Lightning McCrocs are in sport mode
oh when the beans
Infinity shark and bottomless brew
brocrag the phallic
just cry dude,. dont be gay about it
3 men with tourettes in a Scottish shop (Funny)
this is how i feel when im standing
This doesn't really sound like "Jazz" to me. Then again, maybe I don't know what "Jazz" is.
The Pokemon are getting fatter
it takes a bit more than a knock to the floor to destroy a legend
would you rather instant message a shrimp or become pen pals with a bug
open plan shitter beneath the skylight
52 bombo bloodclaat pussywagon chicken nuggets
wormin' it
worms bald
Lukewarm, like the guy from the bible
why would you show up fat and wearing jeans
The blue dragon can flap its wings to imagine flying over vehicles, then gobble them up for a meal!
me tink me gwaan tek Stuart Little’s life
groot peni
you telling me The Fukushima Nuclear Accident fried this rice
the guacamole mafia
You're telling me you spent the last week combing the desert for IEDs and a pumpkin fleshlight is the weirdest thing you've seen?
It's time to lock you in your room, fuckboi
After this game we need to take a break; I've gotta go pull my pork if you know what I mean
mr chedda
Are you familiar with the term “gumping it”?
throwing it back in the official White House GoonCave™
japanese starts, japanese ends
Get yourself turned into a tiny frog. That's when the game really starts.
my christian faith is more about not jacking off than feeding the poor
Might not be Friday but chicken tenders feel right
laughed so hard he almost jshat himself
a male gynecologist feels like a conflict of interest
your mom suck me good and hard thru my jorts
pretty fast white guy called speedy johnzalez
cutting about shooting kids
Harry Biata
Have you ever thought about running off into the woods, living amongst the forest creatures, abandoning society as we know, never to be seen again? I have.
greetings to you the lucky fucker of this golden ticket
he interferes with dogs
in the very worst way
I have 3 bones and 2 beefs
all fax, no printer
"finger licking good" implies the existence of "toe sucking evil"
Yes, the odds are in the casino's favor but odds are for suckers, right?
heavy is the quarter that pounds the cheese
Phil - you have taken more than your fair share of my family’s rhubarb. Time to stop. You are no longer welcome in these gardens.
Wayne Rooney is best known for being the 5th star wars film released.
Why do I see people who owe me money feeding their families?
Steamtendo Gabecube
shaving my whole body for the jonas brothers concert
Wesley Snipes Tax Evasion
lost all my weed in a series of small fires
these Chaos Emeralds ain't shit!
they blew snoopy's shit smoove off
So yes, I would call that bad game design.
What If the Thing were blue?
call me charlie kirk the way im receiving lethal neck
“My son turned out fine” your son wants to drink Red Bull off my feet
SpongeBob Big Guy Pants Okay
If you fuck up a meal just call it Chicago style and serve it anyway
sorry about all the correct stuff i said when i was right
EVIL WOLVES
Meaty Aura Logist
you're gonna be "Um Actually"-ed by Peter at the gates
She takes my shmeat up the butt, that’s what I mean!
beef jerky so expensive, gotta start jerking the beef myself
day 45 trapped in the CIA torture facility >_<
Can I insight the Cat?
fuckable cantaloupe
You give the lobster a good shake.
It is possible to survive this but not unaltered
They really had actors inside medieval torture devices dancing their asses off for the kind of money that'll maybe get you a sandwich nowadays
yo that match was "an American black rapper that stared in Fast and Furious franchise"
Bet ya didn't know that!
I love when Alan Turing shows up and says "IT'S TURIN' TIME!" and then turnt all over the place
look its glinda
a rare win for human trafficking
Dude... Is everything ok at home?
dem wicked but mi wickeda dan dem
sometimes I think
man i think it depends
Rubbing raw salmon on Jennifer’s face while rambling about omegas
i often day dream about parring mediocre straight men too
moves are slightly off but other than that it’s shit
uzi time baby
lucky that my breasts are small and humble, so you don't confuse them with mountains
i don't like the name Dave, it reminds me of marital infidelity
Charles Manson is one shot
gonna eat this pumpkin loaf like Kurt Cobain
You eat tacos upside down and cut your ravioli with a knife!
lets have a celebration the glinda way
I was just diagnosed with needing a one dance
it's the cataracs
I wish I could dougie :(
Plan B-eelzebub
I miss my wife, Tails
This is where I watched my parents die, Raphael
Don't do drugs, but do carry a lethal dosage of them at all times
Suffer the wrath of the Toilet Snake
SOMEBODY'S dog got at my muffin. SOMEBODY owes me $3.
I'm at the Urgent Care, I'm at the Taco Bell, I'm at the combination Urgent Care and Taco Bell
What IPAs do you have on tap?
Can I say the n word here or is that a no no
you should have choke-slammed the squirrel stampede
Don't risk your life for a white. Wakanda Forever.
be weary no time line exists where johnny test yields
Thought he liked cock and dinosaurs before he fell off his chair?
where is tghe penis located
the humble nuclear fuel rod
he peddles falsehoods
the kids these days need some good, old fashion, Don Bluth trauma
The PlayStation can produce mind-boggling effects.
You’re telling me a stranger seasoned 5 of these things?
maybe I’m speaking guyanese
Sadly it’s a small
woke up 15 minutes earlier than my alarm so that shitting my brains out after eating mcdonalds at 3am didn't cut into my getting glammed up time
she caught me stacking doughnuts on it
"lol" said the scorpion, "lmao"
orphan by insufficient evidence of parents
the sleepy bricked up monster strikes again
Grandpa: Bread Adventure
Either Nap time or T-rex time
you’re laughing, I asked who made Party Rock Anthem and you’re laughing
Handle it more like Mario than Luigi
Tinky Winky, Dipsy, Laa Laa and Paul
Ritualistic butt stuff??
Grandpa got turned to dust in Vietnam... Napalm
he's fully charged
I am a fish that is simply too wet
everyone looks like at me like i'm a pervert when i'm being walked round the neighbourhood in my latex dog outfit
i do BDSM purely for the fitness and mental health benefits
i just going to proximity mine the chimney, santa is now expendable to me
Big Dave wants to buy your condo
Hot chocolate with a shot of decaf
RON’S BEEN SPLEENCHED
jack off all trades? what?
dangerous to be a pint round these parts
absolutely rocked in the dome by a gorilla demon
grasshopper
shoebills piss on their feet to keep cool
Who isn't trying to stretch a chicken these days?
She wants a knight in shining armour but I’m just a retard in polyester
As a Rascal Flatt Earther I believe that earth is a highway
my eggs are full of nog
you apparently need a degree in being an autistic fella to play this game
This time I'm mistaken, for handing you a hog worth crankin
Why are Daddy's legs long?
I'm gonna shoot Spongebob Square in the Pants
be quiet, silica gel, can’t you see I’m starving
it’s New Year’s Eve, not New Year’s Steve, be a lesbian
Aaron Chini
Fallout New Vegas Norm MacDonald companion mod
she say do you love me i tell her I am wallace, i only love my cheese and my gromit i'm sorry
road dome so sloppy I almost crashed the whippopotamus
There is only ONE Waffle House in Ohio
that's not grape
Evan Essence
the “F” on my birth certificate stands for “fella”
big man slammin
described as "annoying" and "like a plague"
the main villain is The Rizzler
The sides did cure cancer, that's the problem, that's why they were expensive
Girth Brooks
Breaking News: hoes mad
"How about you secede from these Nuts?" - Abraham Lincoln
she secede on my Abraham until I Lincoln [EXTREMELY LOUD INCORRECT BUZZER]
I cast anal prolapse
Joe Context
You’re like a gay son to me
turn on the news, literally any channel
Disgusting. Absolutely disgusting. Where can I find more?
hummingbird, now replace the 'h' with a 'c' #darkhumor
is it stolen valor to howl without being a furry?
not reading that essay
i’m academy award winning Don Cheadle, and i approve this meme
Don Cheadle word of the day: Malice
No dissenting opinions. Rules haven’t changed since 2019.
Fucktose intolerant
you just here all the time
They’re adding me into the Chinese New Year animal rotation
you ever been to the sit and rotate room?
new slang: Spongebobviously
White boy why do you crank it
hey girl. is that a firework in your pants or is your pengis explode
A snake is just a bag of throat
There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls. Remember this.
do you reckon Donkey Kong is more Donkey or more Kong
I know, I know, Daddy DILF deserves his moment
do you think
bodega dog
George hard r Martin
Not right now
museum called tummy town mate
what are you planning, nutsacktorturer
and on top of everything else, fingies cold
don't tap the glass
unemployed, but her feet gave me a job
clown syndrome
amazing things happening in minecraft
Can you lend a fella a pencil
Bro those r ur freaking private parts for a reason….. :/
Bush Version
That's "Black Guy, the Creator" to you
You need to attune for mayonnaise
Jesus would have made so much more money by making the bible into 2 volumes
Sea Ocean
forget throwing it in a circle, how do you throw it in the microwave?
dis shit will make your toes curl
Jork it? The man breaks both his arms and you tell him to jork it?
That sex machine of a sloth
2026? Definitely not.
Goopy Hand Guy
DAMN, Cow wit a hat
I think it's kinda funny that nipples get hard
eat zucchini
no fizzy drink for me today
I couldn't be the Dark Knight, Sir
Bigweld FUCKS
nobody would be able to stop me
You’re telling me a gar licked this bread?
back coupes up and chuck the deuce up
throw me to the wolves and they’ll come back forklift certified
while you were squirting and creaming i was plotting and scheming
what is that? diorite
Lesbians have alerted the horse
if they sleepin on you, tuck em in
you can say saucy jizz instead of sausages and nobody will ever notice
Wololo.
I'll make my own pussy: PUSSY TWO
"No I'm totally fine," [turns into a potted plant]#
mmm choccy milk
The Happy Ghast. They really jumped the shark with that garbage.
But we had boats land there, also.
Don't you know who I think I am?
Ya whole life was just filler episodes
Alan the Generous
Fish lvl?
nice
running some aarons
mercury is in gaterade or whatever
i have confirmed with my sources it happened
Who doesn't love a little graveyard anal?
@grok explain this like a caveman with a Chinese accent
synonym rolls
your ears are forfeit
short back and shepherd’s pie please
crackers of the corporeal realm represent
I do it for the love of the game
I'm somewhat of a game freak myself
i'm just an animal why am i doing all this
griddy in the squiddies
Presence Unknown Battlegrounds
o7 carry on wayward penguin
don’t bite the hand that fingers u or however it goes
you DEFINITELY can't say that
update: the butler has fucked off
not like Reading
It smells like wrongprincess in here
Call me erectile the way I’m at dis function
"No." - Walt Disney
boaner
Drive-by hootin… distant hollerin
Are robots trying to kill us? Experts say: YES
swell out of ten
the classic case of "died, shagging in an alleyway"
all this money on me, make me wanna poop
better find a mop it's getting sticky in this bitch
My fridge keeps yelling BATTYMAN at the top of his voice
8 hours of sleep? How about 5 and a Red Bull?
Have you tried pissing in your gaming chair?
gimme the indomitable human spirit
Halo 2 is actually a pretty good guess
john minecraft
jackass
seats seven
Julio Englasias
They aren't British and it shows
Carl Wheezer - Slow Dancing in The Dark
Thomas The Tank Engine Theme but the main piano is missing
you can’t unsmash your back doors in
in the muppet theatre straight up “mupping it” and by “it”, haha, let’s just say. my kermits
This town ain't.
built like a super mutant twink
God forbid a peanut got some motion
Once again, it turns out “fully autonomous” means “a guy in the Philippines.”
Happy Expired Ham Day
My Little Pony/Transformers: Friendship in Disguise!
YungDiddler
Do you think Bad Bunny will announce Pikmin 5 during the Super Bowl Halftime Show later today?
(edited)
vessel of the day: carafe
I’m still mad I can’t decant pies
strawberry milk doesn't taste like strawberry, but it sure as hell tastes like pink
You just know Elon had cards against humanity packed to take to the island
vessel of the day: smart water bottle
another heavy metal day today
Oedipus complex? I find it quite simple.
Absolutely horrid, darling.
which word is supposed to be cat
I just wanna kiss my fish
moan for me old man
fuck-off-dildo
is he casting a spell?
a pinball cuck if you will
the sky is sucking me
me when
I’m the king of numbers
it's always on god
I followed the process
???
cotton eye joe 😔
whats the opposite of scurvy
im citruspilled, orangemaxxing
absolutely insane drip my prince
if she's ur girl why she at my igloo petting my puffle Imao
Cranking hog >>> jacking horse
calibrate the beans
I think dad is home... weird flex but ok
m’lord hath that shit upon him
Kephri Epstein
Scooby Doo almost got milked
your asshole burning like the fiery pits of hell is a small price to pay for eating hot wings
waorth bannong
kid named waxed lightly weathered cut copper stairs
[Kendrick Lamar screaming sound effect]
Chicken breasts? Okay, gooner.
yooo anime and mercedes
type 2
song that plays when you're following a very agile rat (the rat has a lot of backstory)
bark oak
Beyoncé
This is the one thing we didn’t want to happen
The shopping cart is the ultimate litmus test for whether a person is capable of self-governing. To return the shopping cart is an easy, convenient task and one which we all recognize as the correct, appropriate thing to do. To return the shopping cart is objectively right. There are no situations other than dire emergencies in which a person is not able to return their cart. Simultaneously, it is not illegal to abandon your shopping cart. Therefore the shopping cart presents itself as the apex example of whether a person will do what is right without being forced to do it. No one will punish you for not returning the shopping cart, no one will fine you or kill you for not returning the shopping cart, you gain nothing by returning the shopping cart. You must return the shopping cart out of the goodness of your own heart. You must return the shopping cart because it is the right thing to do. Because it is correct. A person who is unable to do this is no better than an animal, an absolute savage who can only be made to do what is right by threatening them with a law and the force that stands behind it. The Shopping Cart is what determines whether a person is a good or bad member of society.
fucking stinky dickhead
I would take you out to a fancy Italian dinner and we’d have expensive champagne and on the bottle neck would be a ring and I would ask you to marry me. Months later we’d have our wedding and honey moon and travel to Cancun and on a full moon we’d make love. When we get back home we find out we’re having a kid, it’s twins. We raise a boy and girl together and cater their slumber parties and birthdays with their friends. When they get sent to college, we’ll celebrate with the same bottle of champagne from the night I proposed. We happily retire and plan to live our lives in  Montana with a log cabin and everything we need. But then you become terminal ill and we spend months in the hospital with empty statements of your recovery. Then the doctor will burst open the door and exclaim you’re recovering! And we’ll be able to live the rest of our lives together and then I pull the plug on your life support.
Femboy Training
go suck a penis
segregation is the key to victory
not sure what a “reverse cowgirl” is but i imagine it’s sort of a minotaur situation
I didn’t kiss no motherfucking john pork dude
Sorry I don't speak illiterate
burgerwazee
he can just do that
locally sourced celestial object
this boy comes to me like a distant nephew i worry about and love dearly
you shinpad sniffing beast i will fold you with a serious body shot
my polycule? sister I’m poly gunna cule myself
Is it true the bus driver is allowed to touch your body
100% Soft
xbox record that
I can't seem to find your spleen
aitch my balls
do you know who audio dave is
please accept my sincerest oopsie daises
don’t bite the foot that jobs you
This is not a horny fact
she think on my therefore till I am
no please I've taken numerous showers, I am thoroughly washed
FOR LEGAL REASONS, THIS IS A JOKE
Never challenge death to a pillow fight. Unless you are prepared to handle the reaper cushions.
whats your dick like homie, what are you into?
girls kissing in the rain behind a metal fence music video
Now Playing: t.A.T.u. - All The Things She Said
Spy Kids: Armageddon? Really??
thank you sigmagoon18
be gone witch, fuck off with you
RIP to everyone killed by the gods for their hubris but im different. and better. maybe even better than the gods
the chefs got goggles on
i am normal and can be trusted with the big iron
big black submissive hole
i’m a cockroach hiding under god’s fridge, and brother he’s got a shoe
hard cock rafe
reagan has a chocolate kebab
seething hitler pie
The humble month of November:
George yellow hat man wouldn't approve of this violence
you’re telling me this innocent stander is bi?
anderson paak says the b-word and dies
podrick fucks
its for cleaning not creaming
stomache flavoured sammies
Who would my cat vote for?
There's just a bit too much butter on my lobster, if you know what I mean.
i’m like if a femme fatale was a weird little guy
ghost gf with big supernaturals
no cuts no buts no coconuts
I'm on some shit Jehovah ain't even Witness yet
Ejected from bottomless brunch for simple dress code mixup
son if you want a big one you gotta look the burrito man in the eye
mfw no bubbles
hubris stacked so high that the downfall can't possibly happen
sorry folks. the Mechanical Asshole Rhino Auction has gone way over our Mechanical Asshole Rhino Budget. we wish the monster dildo company all the best in whatever they decide to do with the Mechanical Asshole Rhino
How many cats can wear boots? Honestly?
Test Tube Berries
sorry for what i said yesterday. i had two white monsters and i let it create a third
You drink white monsters to wake up. I wake up to drink white monsters. We are not the same.
He said
monday again, Johnny Boy
god forbid women do anything
I’m never goin Sheffield brev
2 tokens and a blue
i do not want paedophile OCD, cheers
Why is there a lion connected to wires? Who gives a shit
it's not a war crime the first time you do it
medievally speaking you are a daft cunt toby
the answer to the trolley problem is that we have to blow up the fucking trolley i think
im at work rn clicking mysterious links from unverified sources
I run with a stupid ass crew of dullards and dunces
The forklift’s lesser known relative: the spoonlift.
is scrotoms pissbottle a guy
When you extfil but she keep spinnin shell silk
MGK more like MG Gay
Transformers is my favourite movie
guy names all trades
not now kitten, daddy’s yearning for something that once was and will never be again
Can I hit it?
stannis the mannis
Let he who has never jerked it to weird shit cast the first stone
git al dat ditty parno off de site, it bad feh dem ads
if beer is piss then asahi is piss from a hot girl
man ass
Turkey mention 🇹🇷
big laugh
Danny Go First
Hurry bow factory yay
if you think the ninky nonk’s got a valid mot you’re a fucking mug
from the Bible??
“men used to go to war” i don’t like war. i like roleplaying as a wizard and pussy
It is extremely difficult for the military to explain Michael
My Enemies Have Been Defeated
people misunderstand the icarus story. the problem was not that he flew too high. it's that the wings were made of beeswax, which offered very little resistance to heating. with modern materials he would have had no problems. we can fly as close to the sun as we want now
What is the charge? Doing a dab? A robotic Chinese dab?
Madison and her 4 E-bois
do NOT wear a white shirt to hotpot tonight
we’re going to be splashing around in some vibrant and flavourful broths
I stand with Afroman.
Not all of the spice girls can carry petrol but Geri can
kill satsuma, shag tangerine, marry orange
jimmy saddle ??
Christian mums against Moleman
Bundle of Cock
In a single run - inject your balls with poison kill shit and exfil
breeding is my thing
IT'S GEOLOGICAL FACT
back in my day 6 was afraid of 7
meu precioso
Of course it goes without saying that I am hopelessly dependent on the ingot
Is this you??
<think>The user appears to have hot singles in his area. I should consider clicking the dialog and signing up.</think>
It's crazy how the Catholic Church just has S-rank Anime Items... on deck
If I'm gonna die I'm gonna do it how God intended: stranded and alone
Glaze Clan
Poop dolla
Got my horse to water. Now for the easy part
guy on the bus just invented a new smell
a thrilling saga
hotboxing my bitch son in a water cooler
Master has given dobby a glock
There's nothing gay about making money, alright?
I once heard a woman use the word "mansplaining" incorrectly and there was literally nothing I could do.
our chunks have been shuffled
they're not people they're pillagers
Hitler was my favourite Beatle
it’s raining men and you’re saying hallelujah ?
May the Lord bring you hot dogs kind sir
I was doing like an advanced kind of joke where it isnt funny
I drink lemon juice straight from the thing
They got me sippin on that Coming Soon
hold tight my man
reppin, bloody reppin
Who are you here to eat?
Cell Shaded or AI Slop. Which way, western man?
There are Albanian corporate Lawyers attempting to seize my assets
I bet bald with the chainmail beanie feels well good
gromit’s throwing ass
thank you mr two pens
wake up white boy, remember who you are
I’m a fan of seeing friend and acquaintance cock, to be honest
bussin
damn right it is
white ppl be like "i ended my friendship of 11 years over tung tung tung sahur"
We used to be a proper country.
Don’t buy the Tung Tung Tung Sahur skin if you respect OG Fortnite players. It’s more than a skin; it’s a symbol of their early commitment and grind. Let them keep their exclusivity. Show your respect by appreciating its rarity, not owning it. Some things are better left untouched.
can a blues brother speak a lil Japanese
Wake up. Vapes are a psyop to condition us to enjoy sucking robot dick. P.E.N.I.S. = Personal Electronic Nicotine Inhalant System. Don't fall for their trap. Real eyes realize real lies.
Our nonces are world class. Noncery in the UK is just on another level
What’s the matter vagueboy? Afraid you might say something?
"AI is going to replace you" i'd like to see AI draw Tung Tung Tung Sahur
Let me tung that sahur
Gravy. Extra Brown.
she tung on my sahur until my brain rot
A Beef Wellington is just a Corn Dog from a different socioeconomic background
ahh ahh eee eee tookie tookie
The numbers 10-99 are called "the double digits". Memorize them. You don't want to be the guy at the party who's never heard of 57
Is that a cowboy hard hat
the dog in me yearns to be euthanised
in a while alligator
Alan Quay
Homeboi?? Where'd you come from??
Creature - Unemployed
Liam Nissan
Just stroking it for the love of the game
Is breaking into someone’s house romantic or just illegal?
Bouncin on my boy’s Artemis
God forbid a white boy get a little locomotion 🚂
this Ranch is from the Obama administration
Whose pants do I gotta poop to get this album a nickelodeons kids choice award
Can only you see the time being??
God forbid sickness get a little motion
tweaky grinders
naughty subs get sent to the gooner torment nexus
call me inertia the way I’m in a constant state of motion
okay that's nice and all but how do you even walk with balls this massive
my music taste diverse as fuck. you can call me polyjammerous.. shit, you could even call me genrefluid
kiss my forehead right now, you dumb bastard
What if the joker was the stroker n he beat his shit crazy style
'bout to give God my 2 weeks
Shidders clogged
We have arrived at the "April Showers" part of the plan. See you in May.
I'm 100% recycled honey
arachnophobia?? dawg who cares if 2 spiders get married it doesn’t effect you
yeah I’m GAY, Got A Yearning for hotdogs
Stairs 🙁
She said she was 12!
some plunder?
there is porn in the minecraft discord server
laptits
Grown man casting spells. Pick up the broadsword lil bro
Using mage hand to dig in my butt
My horny ass can’t be trusted in the goblin village
brain eating amiibo
Burger the long way
Do you really want to live forever? Eat a hotdog
sticking my little carrot in her hidden valley
I don't "crank my hog" i pull my piglet
It's got foldable ROPS mate
Whenever you gain Fish(fish) you will have a nap.
"He claimed he could 'beat' the buffet. And then he did!" -Stunned onlooker
Hire a prostitute in Varlamore while doing a flap emote
Pooping sitting down even though I’m a guy
You piece of bitch
Hi (not in a sexual way)
If two pregnant women fight is it a 2v2 or a mech battle?
put toy cars up me bum in jonnys
dude you have to stop pretending to be a people and just accept what you are. a fishj. it's really okay to be a carp. me too sometiems. just glide through the watre,. and go blub. blub blub. very fub!! 😗🐟 kiss fish
no disrespect to wizard who believe themselves to be wiser than the council but that could never be me. i am far too wise to do something so foolish. perhaps even wiser than the council
sonic drawed
I am not calling you "my little pogchamp", you freak.
fuite aisle
gunna kill myself in disneyworld
is there a Balls Cheney
the floor is made primarily of rat bones
May I six seven them big naturals, mlady?
you ever poo’d on a plane ?
Please don’t leave me I scale really well late game
that’s no a bank machine
kind of embarrassing to cast a spell that another mage created it’s like. ohh i’m pregnant with your spell. i’m casting and it’s yours
he pulled my panties to the side and my rock collection fell out
Is that the Scrubbing Bubbles™ guy?
rats can do computer stuff
please, I have a family, I love Imagine Dragons
Nice argument, but it’s too late. I’ve already depicted myself as the calm under pressure, stoic, and suave groundhog while you are the cowering and fearful groundhog
that  was  a  teachable moment   but  i have a  learning  disability
I somehow wound up agreeing to a duel after a night at the tavern and this asshole shows up with two swords. I had my buddies who were waiting in the bushes shoot him with crossbows. I mean we were gonna do that anyway but I wasn't going to humor that dual wield buffoonery
when do i get my adult penis
to a freak like me, “wildshape” is just shape. just a little glimpse into the crazy world that I live in, heh
personally i dont find tasha's laughter hideous at all. i think all women are beautiful
I took her to my birdhouse and I beaked it
I am not gay, I am merely a sassy man
mate i do the griddy with the imps
Its basically just a smell cancelling headphone
that's what it's there for chief
You're 34 years old. Use Instagram.
mormons fumbled by calling it soaking. they should’ve called it soggystyle
jimmy neutron was based on a real boy from my church
holy moly that ferrari has got quite the bumper
And the chicken, is it jerked in house?
I took her to my onions and I leeked it
bitches be calling me egg whites the way they're beating me till im stiff
You’re all that and a bag of chips bro don’t forget it
Every song you’ve ever heard either is or isn’t by the red hot chili peppers
excellent jest tony
dear basketball
I am a sensitive young Jewish man
rather be pissed off than pissed on, sir
i just called walton goggins wallace gromit by accident
Don't you dare turn down the radio when Rush is playing
So narsty that Chaos and Destiny had to call a truce just to make it happen
they're buying Taco Bell with the rent money!
my body isn’t a temple, it’s a skyscraper and every day is 9/11
This man's got low danglers
when is Galaxy’s Edge going to be allowed to Galaxy’s Cum
nicknames are for friends, and Michael Mouse is no friend of mine
This is not my beautiful wife!
Roommates, lovers, or a third (secret) option?
bro got the OJ Simpson gloves on while handling  a Captain Hook sha boing boing
As a butthole enjoyer, I very much agree
please put the silly hat back on
is there not a sinner at all, on God’s green earth, that’ll ride their cousin
auto-balanced
soup was invented in 1927 by John Soup when he wanted to drink a chicken
l wonder if Jack Skellington thinks about fat white chicks that live in trailer parks as much as they think about him.
there’s a gaggle of furries in the Florida Mall
the fact that there is no "z" in "easy" pisses me off
she winnie on my pooh til my woods 100 acres
she say im a star in her valley i said baby thats what i dew
call me sonic the way I edge hog
I heard they’re reforming the dawnguard. Vampire hunters or something, in the old fort near Riften. Might sign up myself.
taking a dump in bubba gump’s
he's been sampling the isotopes again
it’s just a wank mate, we all have them
I dunno... it was a pretty nice toaster
your nuts ever so itchy that you’re basically pulling them off to scratch them?
i can easily go minutes or even hours without drinking beer or jacking off. i'm like a monk in a way.
we’re on a mission from god
you look like you drink white Gatorade and smell like nickels
John Prontos
(ASMR) Goofy dies in a car crash while listening to post Malone .mp3 (Re-upload)
more like shat in the hat
it’s better to cum a shitload than to shit a cumload
just when I think vegetables don’t have phones, omion rings
Dave Ja’vu
Peter’s Pan? As in he’s attracted to people of all genders, regardless of their sex or gender identity? Good for him
Of course he’s scary - i mean just look at how fat and bald he is! Even though the lights aren’t on! Like - who does that?! Just sits baldly and fatly in the dark? Evil. That’s what.
Happy "Hitler Killed Himself in a Bunker Day" to those who celebrate.
shitbob boiling in sponge
all units be advised, my chicken nuggets are done I'll be right back
You wanna see me yell at monkeys? I'll yell at monkeys. Don't think I won't!
the devil was hard targeting the gays
Aliens bodies are probably different as hell. Or similar
move over barbenheimer, it’s time for spidergrande
How much dih could a woodchuck suh if a woodchuck could suh dih
she’s a 10 but has a fish head and no cannons
saving twitter porn for later whilst stood in the line for the ratatouille ride
did they invent half-ply toilet paper
“Were on the same wavelength” its called the spectrum
We ain't Arby's™... we are the god damn Cheese Cake Factory™
Went to Epcot and asked for the most racist hat they had
Mao Ze Dong - Topic
If I was in lord of the rings I’d have put the ring up my bum and had gollum fish it out with his tongue.
sorry
it's sweet and it's sour, i want to devour, mango chutney, mango chutney
Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Starfish
cracker barrel’s toilet paper isnt bad
pulling my dick out n pissing, probably not even in that order
choop of cabra
they invented a new kind of slow walking cunt and put them all in disneyworld orlando
Somebody come get her, she tried to stick it in my shitter
There's goo on the back door. Wasn't ready for that.
Only I can tell you where the mustard lies
Gambling is a skill not an art
I'm ovulating btw
friendship is not gay, actually
i don't have a 'fetish', ok? it's a PASSION from the HEART of a true LOVER. it's a sign of HONOR and i won't be kinkshamed for it. now take off your socks.
something about a fanta virus
Who up carbiding on they nano
It's yapping, with aura
45 seconds with Fouracres
no cardboard derivatives
pansexuals be like
The grinch probably got so much hole after he returned all The Who’s stuff
she suplexed my balls into my own ass
I feel envious of people who are ignorant of the fact that spooky skeletons live within our skin
going on strike until they make the green m&m sexy again
STARFOX 64 REMAKES WILL CONTINUE UNTIL MORALE IMPROVES.
It cleared TSA
ass is cool
goofy remains at large
“you wouldn’t last a day in my shoes” yeah you wouldn’t minute a day in my ass
my bathroom is a jet propulsion laboratory after i consume too much dairy
Scottie Pippen reads his lines like he's never spoken a word in his life
God wants me to have thicc fortnite skins
That's a Nintendo brand car, in two months they get steering drift
hot bugs in your area
ur gonna suck whatever comes out these Robots (2005) boxers
steak frites, sautéed spinach, absolute fucking despair
steak frites, sautéed spinach, the crushing reality of all that ive done, and the love that ive destroyed
the absolutely diabolically horrendously sinful acts I would do for and to this would make God himself weep
the early bird has gay sex with the worm
I did not know he was a business man
okay i woke up too early the worms told me to shut the fuck up and go back to bed
disable safety parameters and run program.
Walt Jizzney
You REALLY know you’ve shit yourself when you look down into your pants and see poop and smell poop also
what's she gonna do, step on me? or step on me? or what? step on me a little? as if
slavic young men use their throat
necrophiliac: dead ass? 👀
The penis of Ted Cruz has gills situated behind the head, which boasts rudimentary ocular organs and thick rubbery lips around the opening. It has eaten the testicles of Ted Cruz, leaving egg sacs in their place. It flaps its two little fins as it sniffs around and wails “GLUP GLUP! GLUP GLUP!”
Where do you lads keep your toasters?
Master oogway overdosed on spice underneath the Salford cherry blossom
next slide please
That's John Matrix himself
Welcome to Bob's Assorted Rodents!
I cast dick fall off
six hundred and thirty five dollars and fifty cents for a fuckin' sprite
granola be thy name
this is glue, strong stuff
it's 106 miles to Chicago, we got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it's dark, and we're wearing sunglasses
Our Father, who art in Heaven, Baja be thy Blast
Fitness Gram Pisser Test
There are games that push the boundaries of human creativity, games that make you question the nature of art and what it even means to be alive, and then there is Gorilla Simulator, a free-to-play masterpiece from the visionary developers at blevsoft that dares to ask one of humanity's most profound questions — what if you were a gorilla? — and answers it so completely and breathtakingly that you will wonder how you ever lived without it, because from the moment you waddle into the world as your great ape avatar and spot your first banana gleaming on the horizon, you understand you are in the presence of something truly special, a game that tasks you with exploring a richly realized map, participating in random events of gloriously unpredictable variety, collecting bananas with a satisfaction no other game has replicated, discovering hats that express the full spectrum of gorilla identity, and ultimately climbing a mountain to claim the Pineapple at its peak, a moment so cathartic that lesser games would have built entire franchises around it, featuring movement mechanics so fluid that every knuckle-drag feels like poetry, wrapped in a multiplayer experience so warm and communal that logging into a server full of strangers in gorilla suits feels less like booting up a video game and more like coming home, and the random events keep the world perpetually surprising, the hats keep the fashion meta perpetually evolving, and the Pineapple waits at the top like a reward not just for your in-game efforts but for your entire life up to this point, and the fact that all of this is available completely free of charge is either the most generous act in the history of gaming or proof that blevsoft operates on a plane of artistic integrity so elevated that conventional monetization simply never occurred to them, and either way the result is the same: Gorilla Simulator is a perfect game, a necessary game, a game that will be studied and celebrated long after the rest of 2026's releases have faded into irrelevance, and if you have not played it yet then you have not truly lived, and the mountain is waiting, and so is the Pineapple.
In the sterile, concrete cage of this modern age, I sought a truth no scholar’s pen could gauge. I cast aside the silken shirt, the leather shoe, To walk the path of the Silverback, ancient and true. Thirty-six minutes—a mere heartbeat in time, Yet I’ve ascended a mountain no human can climb. The code is held together by hope and duct tape, But what is "quality" to the soul of an ape? I grasped the Great Pebble, the "Cave Man" achievement, To soothe the deep soul of its lifelong bereavement. I THREW THE ROCK. A trajectory sublime, Cleaving the air and the fabric of time. 49.8% of brothers have felt this same heat, The crunch of the gravel, the soil on my feet. Then came the THUNDERCOCK, a storm in the veins, To shatter my shackles and break all my chains! With LuckyBlock Wands, I am arbiter and king, While the hymns of the jungle in my headset do ring. I build up the blocks, or I jail you in light, Sixty seconds of penance in the dark of the night! Oh, Jeffery! Oh, Boss! You beckon me near, To a realm without taxes, or logic, or fear. The frame rate may stutter, the assets may clip, But I am the Captain of this glorious ship. It is garbage. It is gold. It is the end of all things. I have traded my logic for the joy that it brings. Game of the Year. Not for what it can do, But for letting me throw a rock... straight at you.
i sure hope nothing bad happens to my observable universe
There are weeks when no hog is cranked and there are days when weeks of hog are cranked
mommy wants the upstairs kino door opened please
I interpreted "fuckass action figures that doesnt even look like lego" as Bionicle for a sec and got upset
not your typical experience at the milk factory
"im little," he whispers. "big planet" I breathe.
I'm happy for you, Shakira. Really.
nobody thinks twice when they see an alpha romeo in a disabled spot
bill nye would never
above 27
John Lander
I'm gonna Baja blow my brains out
April 21st
Mr. Waternoose and Verzik Vitur would be such a power couple
we are destiny 2 we carry the light we fight for the traveller we'll honor its name
Soup of the day: Double cheeseburger
"mine," he whispers. "craft" I breathe.
visibly gay
Shitshitshitshitshit time to change the definition of sentient
#whatdatmean
Marty mcfly a stronger man than me I aint gonna lie. I'd have my off spring looking like Ron perlman
Mi hermano en Cristo, you’re just generating images of woman with big boobs and asking Grok for validation
her sister bought me the fattencockencakes i’ll have you know
well shoot the school up on you're own then i’m out
acab includes *sniffle* acab also includes little h-horsie
I can't wait to ride Keirans ass
Can someone do a no-context search on “woodchuck” - I have a submission but I feel like it’s already in there
it's not "perfect" wanking weather, but it is an improvement
I live. I serve.
Dont tell me what to do in my silly little car themed casino sandbox
meeting my sandwich
I can only imagine this is what meeting your first born child feels like
mr deputy speaker i can announce today that i have decided to lock in
bork and the smorks
unlock my jaw trying to get it round that thing
Grill for Glory
boys kissing?? stream that shit!
From the ashes of cheese rises the chicken
Biblically Accurate Bartender
Dominos delivery tracker just sent me a picture of my dick i've never seen before
No twitter blue just posting bollocks for the love of the game
the long cock of the law
sorry man, i just heard KSI announced today will be the last day he'll be appearing in sidemen videos, i hope you're doing alright
chill beats to jack off to
I drank chug jugs in places you wouldn’t sip minis at
she'll suck me from soft if she wants an elden ring on her finger. sekiro
better to have a fitted sheet than a shitted feet
the biggest age gap that i would do (looks up geoff keighleys age) is 29 and 47
suicide disqualifying you from heaven feels like a speedrun category limitation
Hand Cranked and Twisted
no raving rabbids, not interested
Is rack city walkable?
if we play I Spy again I'm probably gonna kill myself
Good workers are hard to find, so when you get to the job site hide for at least two hours
u look like u eat sand
No bounce on the diddles
Thanks, u frog build looking bitch. Barrel chested ewok
Kia yourself
Our pool is bigger than skyscrapers
the Among Us show is perfectly fine
computah show me the Hunter Biden foot job video again
There's nothing rad in Indiana
a man catches a cod
Nothing more powerless than experiencing my console being called a "gaystation" and trying to respond by calling theirs "sexbox"
have you ever successfully updog’d a beautiful woman. this must be what the limitless pill feels like. i could fight god right now
how did people pass time on the bus before they invented jacking off
she wants you bro, follow her home
Gift of Eden Deez Nutz lmao gottem
the phrase "lipstick on a pig" has always inspired a deep sadness in me. I think of the pig, looking forward to her big night out, and I bring myself to the verge of tears
She manche ma coquelles til I France 🫪
That's it, chud! Enjoy SuperHell!
What kind of cumming you guys been doing lately?
donkey kong is a fool if he thinks wearing a tie will earn him respect
Wagie wagie get in cagie. All day long you sweat and ragie. NEET is comfy. NEET is cool. NEET is free from work and school. Wagie trapped and wagie died. NEET eats tendies, sauce, and fries.
not a complete failure, but VERY close
I GENUINELY think the Black Eyed Peas have superpowers and no one questions it
bumhole surgery
Good for Olivia Rodrigo. That was a fantastic album. I might k*ll myself.
they are putting me in common soul gem to power a dwemer automaton tomorrow
Now do Venus de Milo with Mara Sov
What about in the motorcycle
Am I glad he’s frozen in there, and that we’re out here, and that he’s the sheriff, and that we’re frozen out here, and that we’re in there, and I just remembered we’re out here. What I wanna know is, where’s the caveman.
please use the "he had so much more content to make" line when i die too
does killing yourself feel more like getting killed than killing
Throw ass
Cuck porn never made sense to me cause ur watching another dude watch another dude fuck his wife
Smoove off you say?
Alfred O. Chicken
she took the horse in the divorce
I never thought porn addiction was real but putting in 13 hour shifts at the cranking it factory probably qualifies
baby thats shit
My hope has been restored in capital punishment
big gulp of vimto
Ben 10 inches
the cylinder must remain unharmed
Cockblocking implies the existence of cockparrying with precise timing
When I'm muted on discord and the boys don't hear me drowning in the shitter
you're proof natural selection has flaws
She put a switch on a staff
rome wasn’t built and i’m gay
no femboys allowed
Can anyone else feel everything slipping away
you can jerk off a horse but you can’t make it cum
dead horse is stored in the balls
people need better hobbies
if im gods strongest warrior why did i get such a small sword
How would you get a cylindrical object unstuck from a flame atronach? The fire resist potion is wearing off and it is imperative that the cylinder remains unharmed.
[police sketch artist interrupts me] large naturals?
eiffel tower with jabari in the middle
real fella hours
Penis
do not attempt to cuddle the skinless meat man
No babe your rank is perfect, the higher ones take too long to queue with anyways
hey "lmfao" is actually really problematic (has swear word in it) sooooo if you could please say something like "thats so laughy taffy" or "im gigglemode" next time please
better to ejaculate than to ejacunever
Conke% WR
they added homeless proof benches to minercaft
you wanna go see Christopher Nolan’s Odussy?
we don't just use AI, we finger its fucking bumhole
Glenn loves spaghetti night
Tung tung sahur is tung tung sahung 🙁
I think Jay-Z and Kanye have a song about this
I got hit on by a guy AND his sister this Saturday and I just thought I'd share because wowsers
stanley tucci being gay bald as a straight man is his greatest power as an actor
1461 minecraft splash texts